Today was a very good day

I'm doing well

        please work

hey I love you

Hey how are you today I missed you

bleh

I think I want to quit my job. It's no fun and I don't really like coding as much as I thought I would.

Yo wassup

I'm loving life right now reeeee

I fucking hate myself wanna kms

Hello world



Hello world



Hello

Hello

He

He

Gekko is bad and sucks ass

Wow i love life



hey i love life

I wanna die

i love life

fsfsfs

fsfsef

fsfsfes

fsfesfe

fsefse

I am happy

I am sad now

I am super happy right now

I am not happy or sad

I hate life

I am happy

PLease

help me

This makes me so sad

ok pls fix

fix this

help me

help me pls

help me now

help

help me now

help me



im sad

happy now

im happy

im sad

wwww

sad

hello I am cool



I am upset

sad af

happy boi

hiiiiiiiiiii

im angry

very sad

kinda happy i guess

this was the worst day of my life

hackathons are very awesome

I am very sad right now but later I will be happy

I killed them. I killed them all. They're dead, every single one of them. And not just the men, but the women and the children, too. They're like animals, and I slaughtered them like animals. I HATE THEM.

I killed them. I killed them all. They're dead, every single one of them. And not just the men, but the women and the children, too. They're like animals, and I slaughtered them like animals. I HATE THEM.

I killed them. I killed them all. They're dead, every single one of them. And not just the men, but the women and the children, too. They're like animals, and I slaughtered them like animals. I HATE THEM.



So what up

Today was a really bad day I kinda want to die right now

How are you today? I'm doing well

I had a good night's rest so I'm feeling pretty good

im sad af rn

I'm happy right now

hghj

happy

today i decided to jump off a bridge

It was fun

I'm feeling tired but excited



I am so sad right now

I find I'm so excited that I can barely sit still or hold a thought in my head. I think it's the excitement only a free man can feel. A free man at a start of a long journey whose conclusion is uncertain. I hope I can make it across the border. I hope to see my friend and shake his hand. I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams. I hope.

I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up does rejoice. Still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they're gone. I guess I just miss my friend.



All I want is to be back where things make sense. Where I won’t have to be afraid all the time. Only one thing stops me: a promise I made to Andy.

Today was the best day of my life. I made my own web app which uses google cloud services and a Natural Language Processing API powered by Machine Learning. This is awesome!

